paste finished codepen link.
https://codepen.io/DanielSigala/pen/VwvZLvv

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Code that gives meaning to the content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Used to create pages for the internet
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes provide addtional information about an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 tag is used to specify a main header and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Class and Value
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

    7. What is an id? 
        id attribute specifies a unique "id" or "name" for an element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        All html elements 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Only once.
    10. What is a class? 
        Specifies one or more class names for an html element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        you can only have one unique class but you can call on it as many times as youd like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
       target="blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        an alternative to the image itself or its meaning.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #example{} where id ="example"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        the section tag defines sections ina  document whereas a div tag defines division in an html document.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styleing a page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p "class"{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        It is useful for when you need just a specific piece of a larger section.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        a sidebar 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        used to define a special state of an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        padding or margins.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: normal;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        "lowercase, uppercase, capitalize"
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        p.dotted {border-style: dotted;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        <!> </!>
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        dc
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        git rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to ensure you dont break existing code and if you do you can always go back
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every 15 or so minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u branch name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        make a fork of the project
        make tl collaborator
        clone the repo
        create own branch 
        git add then git commit
        once finished git push to push the completed work up and youre done.
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

        3213213

   --> 